{text:"It only matters *who actually votes*. The "godless millennials" won't make a bit of difference if they stay home on election day while the religious right reliably walks, drives, and gets bused to the polls.", bewertung:" "}
{text:"As a late 30s schlub I've never felt more sympathy for new graduates than I do now. My generation just passed on through the adulthood gates without shaking anything up because the late 90s dotcom boom was taking care of us so well. We didn't know it, of course. Something's always unjust. Textbooks were 70 or 80 dollars. Outrageous!

It took a while but I see how bad it is now for kids who were in the same boat I was 15 years ago. I would be pissed off and I'm pissed off for them. There were implicit promises that I counted on while growing up. If I finished high school I could go to college. If I went to college and got a degree I would get a good job. If I wasn't in med school I could pay off my loans within 5 to 7 years. I got my degree. I paid off those loans. And i didn't have to pay 150 or 180 dollars for a textbook, or $3k for a single course.

What the fuck is going on now? How can we just overlook the fact that this promise is fundamentally broken? How strong is the comfort in our collective pretension that is our "achievement"? That somehow it's not our fault that the same promise we relied on to become successful isn't being fulfilled for the next generation? What happened to making sure that our kids have a better life than we do?

Here's a simple reality: we are the clueless new money that we used to hate. And rather than fix it we're going to blame everything around us but ourselves. We're even worse than the Boomers we despise. The downvotes will bear it out. We don't want to come to terms with reality because it's too unpleasant.", bewertung:" "}
{text:""Liberalism is the philosophy for our time, because it does not try to conserve every tradition of the past, because it does not apply to new problems the old doctrinaire solutions, because it is prepared to experiment and innovate and because it knows that the past is less important than the future."

Pierre Trudeau,  1968 ; A Man for the Millennials", bewertung:" "}
{text:"So what would be a good place to start getting properly informed? What is a news source that presents facts and reports in an unbiased manner.", bewertung:" "}
{text:"Christians have become less Christian.  Pro war, pro torture, pro greed, pro corruption for starters.", bewertung:" "}
{text:"Don't let the username fool you.  I am not as devout as it would seem on the surface.", bewertung:" "}
{text:"conservatives gotta switch gears and try and tap that "semi-racist libertarian STEM major" market", bewertung:" "}
{text:"Please vote, young people. 

Sincerely, an old person.", bewertung:" "}
{text:"I don't see that as a bad thing for conservatives; for the religious-right, yes. Young conservatives seem more libertarian in their thinking, which could become a more formidable force for democrats than the religious-right.", bewertung:" "}
{text:"You mean young people might be put off by a bunch of old, white, wealthy people who are bigots, racists, homophobes and general assholes who have destroyed the economy? 

Because if you look around, those people at the top wearing nice suits, in charge of Wall Street and buying legislation are *not* liberal, open minded people. They use the Bible and Christianity to justify their hatred and sexism, they hide behind their money and the church. 

Fuck these people. These are the people that ran America into the ground. The "moral majority.' The Bush leaguers, the southern bible beaters.

Their time is over and I couldn't be happier that it's coming and coming soon. 

I've been alive a long time and I can say beyond any shadow of a doubt that the most hateful, judgmental, racist, sexist people I've ever met claim to be Christians. And I realize that doesn't mean that all christians are hypocritical assholes who feel superior to everyone else but whenever those people are so accepted and celebrated in the Christian community speaks volumes about what those people consider important.", bewertung:" "}
{text:"The Millennials are the only ones who can stop the boomers, but most of the the Millennials are pretty apathetic.", bewertung:" "}
{text:"I doubt the millennials can do much .. stuck in debt ", bewertung:" "}
{text:"Not to mention that today's young religious people are far more tolerant than their parents and grandparents generations.", bewertung:" "}
{text:"The Religious Right's polarizing behaviors and actions are a big reason why many people of this generation are not religious.     

In short the Religious Right reaps what they've sowed", bewertung:" "}
{text:"I'm religious. I'm just not bat shit crazy.", bewertung:" "}
{text:"Object to the title. Lack of Christian faith does not equate with "Godless!"", bewertung:" "}
{text:"So I guess you are not seeing the young atheist libertarians and fiscal conservatives.", bewertung:" "}
{text:"Seems like the old generation needs to shuffle off to meet their maker instead of voting for the wackos who say their maker talks to them and tells them to run for political office. ", bewertung:" "}
{text:"When the Christian-right does nothing but condemn others, promote war, tell the poor it's their fault so it's their problem, horde wealth, promote greed, basically, everything that Christianity is suppose to be against; you will have more people turning away from it. I consider myself a Christian, but I have yet to find a church than is nothing more than a social club. I have yet to see these talking heads on TV (which is what the world sees of us Americans) that call themselves Christians, calling our country a "Christian nation", do nothing but hate. 
 
Christianity, Islam, Judaism, most religions, promote love, charity, respect, and faith. That's it. When those that practice that religion no longer display and promote those tenants, they those outside of that religion do not see it's true form, and those skewing that view are no longer of that faith.", bewertung:" "}
{text:"Good, the Religious Right are a scourge.", bewertung:" "}
{text:"People are becoming more educated and stopped believing in magic*", bewertung:" "}
{text:"I agree that young people are becoming less religious, but disagree that they are becoming less conservative.", bewertung:" "}
{text:"The funny thing is that the religious right is the very reason why millennials are so godless.  There's so much animosity against the religious right for being generally pretty stupid, which makes Christianity leave a bitter taste in young people's mouths.  As someone who came to atheism from a background of religious *culture* but not *practice* -- my parents are Jews but very non-practicing, if lightly believing -- I never got this antipathy that I've seen in others.  I love my religion, because why shouldn't I?  I don't need to believe in it to be part of it!  But many people have been put in difficult positions by their families' religion.  Some families are creationist and refuse to accept evolution; some kick children out for being gay.  You can't expect a reasonably enlightened young person to put up with that.  The religious right is, by being so rigid about dumb things, sealing its own political doom when young people stay far, far away.", bewertung:" "}
{text:"I lean to the right on some issues, but do not consider myself religious. I dont support rights' view on abortion, gay rights, etc. Because each person is their own. So I hate having to be the opposite of a liberal and automatically considered religious nut.  ", bewertung:" "}
{text:"Non-religious does not equal godless.", bewertung:" "}
{text:"Jesus does not build roads and bridges, light or high speed rail, or airports. God doesn't make Vodka or Craft Beer, and he sure as shit doesn't make rock n roll, go snowboarding, or ride a bike with his friends the Demigods...Last I checked Jesus may never have existed, much less he's sat back and hidden for the last 2000 years. If there was a God, a pretty good time to have shown up was when we landed on the moon, a little, "good job there humans!" but nay, nothing, just more silence, not even a heavenly peek-a-boo.", bewertung:" "}
{text:"Only if they get off their ass and vote instead of whining on Twitter about how politics isn't fair.

Power is useless if you don't exercise it, people.", bewertung:" "}
{text:"Being a conservative has nothing to do with being a christian.", bewertung:" "}
{text:"God I hope so.", bewertung:" "}
{text:"As a Christian, I resent being lumped in with war mongers, corporate capitalists, big box Christians who believe more in the dollar than in Christ. 

", bewertung:" "}
